Envy91's Leveling notes for ED contagion/mines:
 
Links might be fucked because I was getting all the information watching TITICULAR and I wasn't sure where some of the links went.
Here you go bois
 
Act 1:
Find a BBB Wand for Frostblink - Arcane Surge - Orb of Storms mines, and a BBG wand for frost bomb and onslaught.
A GGB is ideal for Stormblast Mines - Swift Assembly - Lesser Poison (traded out for Trap & Mine Damage later)
Look for MS boots and grab SB mines at level 2.
Grab QS flask after killing hailrake, grab onslaught and & buy frost bomb, swift assembly, and arcane surge from Nesa.
Grab OOS and frost blink and head to submerged.
Find the stairs leading up and place a portal for the dweller quest later and head to ledge.
Once you get to prison take the way point back to down and do dweller.
Logout and get added lightning reward and skill point. Buy Swift assembly and arcane surge from Nessa if you haven't already.
Head back to prison from the way point and find the trial in lower, then find the door to upper prison.
Find wardens quarters and kill Brutus and logout. Once you get in town if you have the currency (alteration) and the topaz ring make the wand craft (Enjoy your double dps). Don't forget to grab smoke mine.
Head back to prisoner's gate and find the door to ship graveyard.
Hit the waypoint and find the cave. Once you grab the all flame find the door to the cavern of anger, hit the waypoint and go back to kill fairgrave and logout.
In town grab skill point and ED (for leveling in off hand, we will not be using it for a while) and buy flamedash if you can.
Return to the Cavern of wrath and find the door to cavern of anger and then kill Merv.
 
Act 2:
Go right, find the den and place a way point. Then proceed to the crossroads, grab the way point and go back to town and use the portal you dropped.
Find the white beast and logout. In town grab your second quick silver and head to the chamber of sins.
Find the waypoint in the chamber and take the pathway that it points to. This will take you to level 2.
Once you find the entrance to level 2 find the trial and then make your way to Fidelitas kill him and logout.
Once back in town get skitterbots as reward and buy herald of thunder and cold snap (if you have the money, this will replace our frostbomb setup).
Go left and head to the western forest.
Find the waypoint in the west forest and go to weaver from there. After killing weaver logout.
Once in town grab trap and mine damage support and take the waypoint to get the trial in the ruins.
Grab the trial and logout. Take the waypoint in town to the broken bridge to kill Kraityn, logout and go kill oak.
After killing oake find the waypoint and clear the vaal ruins clear and make your way to the caverns.
Take the waypoint to western and help Alira and open the pathway quest thingo then logout.
Go back to act 1 and grab your skill point.
Go back to Cavern and clear the ancient pyramid. Get to vall oversoul kill him and logout.
 
Act 3:
Help Clarisa and go to town, go straight to the slums from town and find the Crematorium.
Grab the trial and find Piety. Kill Piety and logout.
Grab keys from Clarisa and find the sewers.
Grab the waypoint in marketplace and go to catacombs. Find the trial in Cata and then logout and grab your skillpoint.
Now back to market place and find the battlefront.
Grab waypoint and quest item and then go docks.
Find the quest item in docks (try to be level 24 or 25). Logout and buy Discipline from Clarisa and get Malevolence quest reward. Also, check for a four link. BBBG is what you would like.
Go back to battle front and find the entrance to the solaris temple. Get to solaris level two and get the quest item from Dialla (if you don't need any specific stats always grab gold amulet for the rarity). Now back to sewers and through the butthole.
Find the lunaris temple and get to level two to kill Piety. Also, Kill Gravicious on the way there if you can.
Kill Piety and logout. Talk to Grigor in town for the skill point and grab pyro mine quest reward (hopefully it's not dumpstered monkaS).
If you have the links go back to act 2 and get controlled destruction and ele focus for the pyro setup.
Travel to the imperial gardens and grab the trial then logout and go ahead and get the way point from aspirants trial. Back to the imperial guardans and find the sceptre of god. Get to the end kill Domino boy and head to act 4.
 
Act 4:
Enter dried lake for the quest reward. Logout and enter mines level 1.
Find level 2 and get the quest done for the skill point and proceed to the end of the zone.
Find the waypoint at the crystal vein and head to lab to ascend.
Go trickster and grab swift killer, head back to town get the skill point and do Darresso.
Take the waypoint in the grand arena back the the veins to do Kaom.
Kill Kaom and portal back to finish off Darresso.
After killing Darresso go back to town to vendor and then enter the belly of the beast.
Do the stupid shit and kill Malachai... BOOM act 4 done. Kind of a quick act.
After killing hentai tentacle man head back to town grab stone golem + inc AOE and head to act 5.
 
Act 5:
Make your way to the overseers tower grab your ring and head to the control blocks.
Find the quest item and head to the end of the zone to oriath square.
Get to chamber of innocence. Farm for a couple of levels (if you need to) and then make it to the end to kill innocence.
Once you get to the boss room portal back to town and get your silver flask.
After killing innocence go back to town to get spreading rot (blight jewel) then head to the torched courts.
Get to the ruined square and find the Ossuary. Find the quest item and head back to town for your skill point.
Place a portal at the rooftop to come back to later. Find the Reliquary to get the skill point.
Don't portal out after getting the quest items just run back to the way point and go to town to take your portal.
Go to the top of the roof and go fuck up Kitava.
 
Act 6:
Go to the twilight strand and kill the zombois to get your skill respec.
Now we switch to ED!!!!!!!!! PogU
Grab intensify, swift affliction (not sure if this was needed but it was mentioned), and grab infused channeling from act 1 as well as blight void manip and contagion.
Respec early ele nodes, socket your blight jewel and get your ED setup going.
Replace skitterbots with Discipline.
Contagion setup == Contagion, inc AOE, intensify.
Blight setup == Blight, void manip, infused channeling, controlled destruction.
ED setup == ED, controlled destruction, void manip, efficacy.
Flame dash + arcane surge
Aura's == Discipline and malevolence.
 
Now you can finally be an ED gamer. So, head to the coast and start blasting.
Get the quest item in mud flats and zoom zoom to the prison.
Once in the lower prison find the trial then get to Shavs tower and kill the boios.
Don't forget to get the spell damage craft at the bottom of the stairs before you log!
Go back to town and get your skill point and your 4l helm 3b 1g.
Onward to prisoners gate and blast to the western forest. Find the riverways and grab the waypoint.
Find the sounthern forest and make your way to Nessy in the cavern of anger.
Get to the beacon, do the stupid ass escort quest thingo and light the beacon.
Sail to the beach and kill Mr. crabs and make your way to act 7.
 
Act 7:
Head to the broken bridge and grab the silver locket then make your way to the crossroads.
Get the waypoint and head to fellshrine.
Find the Crypt and do the trial.
Find the map item in the next zone then log or portal. Get your flask from pirate dude (granite).
Go to the chamber of sins and enter the map device.
After killing the boss portal out and go to sins level 2.
Find the trial and head to the exit.
Get to the ashen fields and go fight the boss boi at the end of the road.
Get to the Northern forest and find the causway.
Grab the quest item at the end and then enter the vaal city... AKA the WORST zone in the game. Find your fox waifu.
Now, go back to Northern forest and go do the firefly quest, kill the mean scary bear dude while you are collecting your fireflys and then return to town to get your skill points and then go back to do your act 6 skill point quests. Now, return to your fox waifu and kill the spodey girl.
Side note: On your way to do the firefly quest you can do an optional amulet quest if your's sucks and you can also get four link boots if you need.
Act 6 quests are in prisoners gate to kill goat boy and the wetlands in riverways.
You can also do your cruel lab while getting these quests done before you go fight spider girl.
Grab patient reaper as your next ascendancy points.
 
Act 8:
Get to toxic conduits and try not to die to poison damage.
Find Doedre and fuck her up and then go right from the waypiont. You go right for the skill point quests.
Find the quest item in the Quay. Kill the boss for the lovers quest.
Find the Grain garden and kill the bois at the end and make your way to the imperial fields.
Follow the road and get to the solaris temple. Kill the boss and head back to town to get your skill point and ring reward.
Now go back to the solaris temple and find the concourt to get to the harbour bridge so you can get to the lunaris zone.
Get to the Lunaris temple and make your way to level 2. Kill the boss and go back to town to vendor.
Go back to harbour bridge and kill the sun and moon bois. Now to act 9.
 
Act 9:
BA BA BA... Basically just farm Blood acqua until you are happy. Get a full set of humilities, farm for a few levels, farm for eternity... really what ever you want it's up to you, game is on cruise control now. If you are a speedy boi and just wanna rush maps get two levels and dip out.
If you are already super overleveld and don't care about farming cards just blast on my dude.
Now, race to the descent and make your way the desert thingy and do the quest and then find the foothills.
Go to the boiling lakes and get the quest done with the basalisk.
Head back to town and get the bottled storm. Kill Shakira and and get skill points.
There are a few more skill points you could get but you can get them after you kill kitava.
Head to the tunnel find the end and get to the quary after doing the trial in tunnel.
Hit the waypoint and go to the refinery to kill the boss and then go get the other skill pont quest in the quarry.
Now go into the belly and kill the act 9 boss.
 
Act 10:
Before moving on to act 10 you can go back and get any trials, or skill points you may have missed.
Go to the cathedral roof and help Banon. You don't need to go back and talk to him, just move on!
You can choose to go ahead and get the vilenta skill point or just save it for later.
Head to the Ossuary and get the staff as well as your last trial.
Afterwards you can choose to do your merc lab or just move on and complete the acts. It's up to you.
Find the torched courts and go get the staff from boio and return the banon.
Now SPOILER ALERT! Banon was innocence the whole time and he is gonna help you out OwO.
Go back to the ruined square waypoint and fly to Kitava.
Congrats you killed Kitava and got through the 10 acts! Deathless I am sure. Now you get to go do the stupid annoying TOTALLY needed side quest thing in the epilogue so that you can get your map device back and start mapping gamer.
 
 
 
TIPS:
// There is more but I am lazy so I will do it later.
 
Don't forget to have things leveling in your off hand.
Don't forget about the wand craft == alt + magic wand + ring (topaz in this case).